This is a very different lecture because we have learned a lot throughout the day.
And before we move on to the final challenge of the day, I think it's necessary to augment your hands
on activities with some problems that will help train you and your make your ability to think more like
a programmer.
So what we're going to do is the following.
You're going to download the four attached PDF files that we have added to this lecture.
They have a series of practical problems, and you have the challenge of transforming those problems
into code.
Try it yourself, and in the next lecture we will solve all the problems together.
Moving through it to the big challenge of the day.
Take your time and we will be waiting for you in the next lecture with our own solution.